Primary Questions:

Stamp Registration

1. How does the revenue generated from document registration vary across districts in Telangana? List down the top 5 districts that showed the highest revenue growth between FY 2019 and 2022.

'Rangareddy', 'Medchal_Malkajgiri', 'Hyderabad', 'Sangareddy', 'Hanumakonda'


2. How does the revenue generated from document registration compare to the revenue generated from e-stamp challans across districts? List down the top 5 districts where e-stamps revenue contributes significantly more to the revenue than the documents in FY 2022?

'Rangareddy', 'Hyderabad', 'Khammam', 'Hanumakonda','Yadadri Bhuvanagiri'


3. Is there any alteration of e-Stamp challan count and document registration count pattern since the implementation of e-Stamp challan? If so, what suggestions would you propose to the government?

After implementation of estamps it growth speed is simultaneouly with documents registration as a result we can see that implementation of estamp whould be the greaat move for government

4. Categorize districts into three segments based on their stamp registration revenue generation during the fiscal year 2021 to 2022.

Transportation
5. Investigate whether there is any correlation between vehicle sales and specific months or seasons in different districts. Are there any months or seasons that consistently show higher sale rates, and if yes, what could be the driving factors?
6. How does the distribution of vehicles vary by vehicle class (MotorCycle, MotorCar, AutoRickshaw, Agriculture) across different districts? Are there any districts with a predominant preference for a specific vehicle class? Consider FY 2022 for analysis.
7. List down the top 3 and bottom 3 districts that have shown the highest and lowest vehicle sales growth during FY 2022 compared to FY 2021? (Consider and compare categories: Petrol, Diesel and Electric)
Ts-Ipass (Telangana State Industrial Project Approval and Self 
Certification System)
8. List down the top 5 sectors that have witnessed the most significant investments in FY 2022.
9. List down the top 3 districts that have attracted the most significant sector investments during FY 2019 to 2022? What factors could have led to the substantial investments in these particular districts?
 10. Is there any relationship between sector investments, vehicles sales and stamps revenue in the same district between FY 2021 and 2022
11. Are there any particular sectors that have shown substantial  growth in multiple districts in FY 2022?
 12. Can we identify any seasonal patterns or cyclicality in the  investment trends for specific sectors? Do certain sectors  experience higher investments during particular months?